♪ I see it clear,
the stairway ♪
♪ Reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up
until I see the light, I go ♪
♪ Tell me something, how much
higher can we go from here? ♪
♪ We changing the game ♪
♪ And they all wanna know if
this is only a phase ♪
♪ Don't have the answer but we
keep on climbing ♪
♪ Breaking boundaries
and setting the pace ♪
♪ And we ain't never gonna stop
until the world's our stage ♪
♪ Yeah, you might say
that it's impossible ♪
♪ Stronger together,
we'll turn it into probable ♪
♪ And in the darkest shadows
we'll be shining, uh ♪
♪ So hold on tight 'cause
we KO every single fight ♪
♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up
until I see the light, I go ♪
♪ No turning back ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪ I'm not gonna fall ♪
♪ I'll rise
till I reach the sky ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up
until I see the light, I go ♪
[ Bird calls ]
King Jahad, the first of all
beings to ever climb the tower,
our great monarch who built
the kingdom in which we live,
the few exceptional women
upon whom he bestows his favor,
are known as
the Princesses of Jahad.
These princesses
from all over the tower
are not Jahad's
biological children
and are unrelated by blood.
Once granted with his power,
certain acts are
forever forbidden to them.
From then on, they may
never have intercourse
or bring a child
into this world.
[ Laughter ]
This command was put in place
to prevent the spread
of their great power.
The princesses are like shoes
on display in his showcase,
beautiful but never to be worn
by anyone.
But in rare instances,
the shoes sometimes jump out
of the case on their own.
You found
such a pretty jewel.
Good job,
my little princess.
[ Giggles ]
[ Yelling ]
♪♪
[ Yells ]
[ Both grunting ]
All your anger
is misdirected.
Your mom was the one who broke
the agreement.
Shut your mouth.
She committed
a dishonorable crime,
Jahad gave her a gift
that wasn't meant to be shared,
yet she broke his law
and had you.
A crime?
That's ridiculous.
Well, of course,
you'd think that.
You've never experienced
hardship.
I wouldn't expect you
to understand.
[ Gasps ]
Mm.
I've never
experienced hardship?
You know nothing!
Stop lying to yourself.
[ Grunts ]
You acquired power
simply by being born
as Anaak's child,
you didn't earn it.
It's infuriating.
I actually worked hard
to become a princess.
Oh, really?
Good for you then.
[ Gasps ]
See you later.
Ya old hag!
[ Gasps ]
H-help me!
You could kill me!
Let go!
You're my only niece,
does that mean nothing?
I got plenty of other aunts,
what's one less?
[ Grunts ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Screams ]
Now, die!
[ Groans ]
Let's make it
a family affair.
[ Grunts, groans ]
[ Screams ]
[ Robotic voice ]
It appears the game is over.
Oh.
Oh, that's just great.
It's definitely broken.
Shut up, you idiot.
This leaves a single scar
on my beautiful, legs.
I'll hate you forever!
Beautiful legs? Don't you mean
thunder thighs you old cow?
What?!
Have you even seen my hotness?
I'm not old or a cow.
Stop screaming.
I could feel it
in my wounds.
Hey.
What do you want?
About your mother --
She had nothing
to do with you.
Hey,
don't pick a fight.
When I first became
a Princess,
your mom was actually
kind of nice to me.
Tell me, do you know
if she ever --
did she ever regret
doing what she did,
defying the king like that?
♪♪
Listen to me,
sweetheart.
Whatever you do, do not let go
of that man's hand.
I'll be following
really soon, okay?
So be a good girl for me.
Wipe away those tears,
my darling, don't cry.
There.
Go on.
I won't ask you again
when I tell you to do something,
it's for your own good.
[ Gasps ]
Oh, is this for me?
♪♪
She didn't.
[ Laughs ]
Anaak: I'm sorry.
Huh?
I'm always fighting
with your dad.
Mnh-mnh.
I'm okay with it.
Huh?
I don't mind
when you two fight
'cause afterwards he always
makes chicken pie.
I see.
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
That's what I believe.
[ Grunts ]
Okay, then.
[ Shings ]
[ Grunts ]
Hah!
[ Shing ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Gasps, inhales sharply,
exhales ]
You've made
considerable progress.
Thank you.
That means a lot.
You, too, Lucille.
Thank you.
Bam, Gray, you're up.
[ Gasps ] Okay.
♪♪
[ Shing ]
[ Grunts ]
Hmm.
[ Sighs ]
Bam, you need to work
on your control,
but overall, not bad.
Thank you.
Grey's next.
♪♪
[ Shings ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Fizzles ]
Mm.
Bam: Lauroe.
Hmm?
Hey, I can finally hit
the balloon now.
Did you see it?
And it's all thanks to you.
Thanks to Lauroe, huh?
Yeah, he actually taught me
the trick to doing it.
Huh?
Lauroe: I owed him a favor
after yesterday.
What, your pillow?
I think it's over there.
[ Grumbles ]
Oh, you want me to be
the Tower's poster girl?
I'll have to think
about it.
I know. Yeah,
I'm flattered, but I...
This pillow
is forever tainted.
Are you okay?
I'll never sleep again.
Can I borrow these?
It's a makeshift solution,
but give it a try.
I'll take this one
and wash it.
Oh, how thoughtful.
Khun: Hey, Bam.
Khun.
♪♪
Have you heard what happened?
No. What?
How uncharacteristic
of you, Lauroe.
Huh?
To help a rival
the way you did.
Is that so wrong?
People aren't equally strong.
Are you against
helping out the weak?
Not at all.
[ Chuckles]
Are you feeling okay?
What exactly
do you mean by that?
Hmm.
♪♪
Damn it!
Endorsi and Anaak?
Yeah.
They fought
during class yesterday
and ended up getting hurt.
Why would they fight?
They're both
Princesses of Jahad.
They fight because
they're princesses,
which means
they're deeply indebted
to powerful authorities.
Mm.
And from what I hear,
their relationship
was complicated from the start.
They're both losers
and incredibly stupid.
I wouldn't say that.
How are they stupid?
To advance through the Tower's
tests you have to
take someone else down.
Self-destructing, when you're
blessed with so much power,
what could possibly
be more stupid than that?
Yeah but --
It's so sad to see an
acquaintance
drop out, right?
Ship Leesoo?
If someone you were
super close to,
someone like me
were to disappear,
it'd be even sadder,
you'd never get over it.
I take it your friend making
isn't going well?
Hmm.
But you're almost there.
The deadline's today.
There's no time left.
I'm sorry.
This is my fault.
Hey, you did
what you could, buddy.
But at least you signed it.
[ Sobs ]
Khun, Is there anything we can
do to help him with this?
Would you?
[ Gasps ]
Were you listening
to what I said?
The Tower's tests
are fiercely competitive.
I know,
but competition or not.
I refuse to lose
the friends I've made.
Oh, Bam!
Besides, aren't friends
the people who can help you out,
especially
in times of trouble?
Did Rachel teach you
that as well?
Yeah.
[ Sighs ]
Let's go.
It's show time.
Huh?
Trust me on this,
they're going to take the bait.
[ Thinking ] This sucks,
I'm going to waste away
and starve to death
before the next test.
[ Stomach growls ]
If only someone were to
happen by with yummy food.
Once he laid eyes on me,
overcome by my beauty,
he'd lend a helping hand
to this gorgeous
damsel in distress.
[ Warbles ]
It worked.
We brought you some food.
Can we enter?
Please come in.
I'm such a bad girl.
Huh?
We came over because we heard
you were in trouble.
Just stop talking
and give it to me!
I would.
But you said women and men
can never be friends.
Yeah, so what?
Since a Princess of Jahad
like yourself was so insistent,
we thought you wouldn't
accept our food
if we just offered it
to you normally.
So then.
[ Growls ]
You want me
to write my name on these?
If you do, we'll bring you food
every single day
until this test is over.
[ Groans ] A Princess of Jahad
would never accept that deal.
[ Stomach growls ]
And on top of that,
we would be extremely happy
if you also gave us the honor
of dining with you as well.
Huh?
Right, Hatz?
I'm sharing a meal with a most
beauteous princess
is a dream of mine.
Please make it come true.
Mm, well, twist my arm,
why don't you?
Just so you know, I only eat
special gourmet lunches.
Unlike her,
I won't accept your pity.
Then you're welcome to starve.
Don't mess this up!
Let's wait to fight
until you're feeling better.
[ Anaak gasps ]
On today's special menu we have
a really delicious chicken pie.
Oh.
[ Utensils clatter ]
We got it done.
I told you so.
Seriously, thanks,
you saved my life.
You're my hero, Bam.
I won't forget this.
Hey, don't forget,
I came up with the whole plan,
and I'm the one who wrote the
script for you bumbling oafs.
And you should probably stick to
your day job earrings.
Excuse me?
I mean
"most beauteous Princess"?
What a joke.
What?
Maybe you should be
a better actor.
Now, now, come on.
Shouldn't we be thanking him?
Not insulting the guy
after he helped us.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Scoffs ]
I owe you one.
I can't hear you.
Fine.
Thank you very much.
Hmm.
It was no problem.
Bam: Khun, did you come up with
this entire plan just so Hatz
I would have to thank you?
Let's not worry about
that right now, Bam.
Tonight we drink.
Hatz, you're drinking, too!
Hatz: I refuse.
Come on, we're celebrating.
Loosen up.
♪♪
Just an apple again?
Bam:
What did you say about Yuri?
Endorsi:
I'm not making this stuff up.
Everyone calls her Jahad's Imp
because she's so ferocious.
You can ask anybody.
No, I don't believe that.
She was so kind to me.
You mean she never
hit you, even once?
Well, there was
that flying kick.
Sounds like
she's pretty intense.
Are all princesses like that?
I'd say so, yeah.
You know, I can hear you right.
What do you mean by "like that"?
Hm?
Hmm.
It's been a while.
[ Gasps ]
Rachel, whoops, sorry,
I meant Michelle Light.
When we're alone,
you can call me Rachel.
Really?
You seem to be getting
along with everyone.
It's no big deal.
They've just been bringing me
lunch the past few days,
a perk of being gorgeous.
You haven't been talking
about me, have you?
Of course not.
I appreciate that.
He's a good guy,
you know.
Huh?
And he's pretty easy
on the eyes.
I just don't get why
you're concealing your identity
to get away from him.
[ Sighs ]
To have a cute guy risk his life
in pursuit of you.
Wow. Romantic.
Excuse me.
I'll be honest.
I hope whatever you're seeking
at the top of the tower
is worth more than
losing him.
Hmph.
♪♪
What does she know?
Don't you think it's strange,
Lauroe? Or is it just me?
He didn't even know
how to manipulate Shinsu.
Lauroe: That's odd.
Who do you think
Bam really is?
I have to wonder if he's hiding
something from us.
♪♪
At this rate,
I'm afraid I'll never pass.
Ren:
You're next, Hoh.
Okay.
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
[ Groans ]
[ Laughs ]
-[ Weakly ] H-Help.
-Help us.
-Please.
-Don't abandon us.
[ Shuddering ]
[ Gasping ]
♪♪
[ Warbling ]
Hmm?
Huh.
♪♪
[ Gasping ]
Lero-Ro: What's this supposed to
be, Test Director?
You have in your hands the plan
for the joint positions test.
You can't be serious.
I mean, you test them
through a game of tag.
Oh, we're super serious.
[ Gasps ]
What are you doing here,
Quant?
Honestly,
I came to apologize.
For what?
I figure since you had to
basically baby sit
three of my examinees, I'd repay
you by running your next test.
What?
You heard me.
I'm going to be the examiner
in the joint test for you.
Please, Director,
tell me he's kidding.
It's a good idea, right?
He'd leave the most simple
minded administrator
in charge of running
the joint test.
[ Sighs ] I have a bad
feeling about this.
Lero-Ro: The joint test
will be a game of tag.
The 28 of you
who haven't yet passed
will be participating.
[ Laughter ]
Good luck.
Little turtles and lizards.
Have fun with
your kiddy games.
This is incredibly annoying.
That's for sure.
First, you'll all divide
into Team A and Team B,
you'll be scored based
on your individual performance,
which will be reflected
by a cumulative points system.
Hmph. Looks like
you're on team B.
Yeah, it's too bad
we ended up on opposite sides.
♪♪
Girl: So the teams
are basically playing
against each other
in a game of tag?
Not exactly. Two players
in the game will be named "It".
Hmm?
The first is an individual
who we've chosen.
The other one will be selected
from among the teams Fishermen.
To identify them,
they'll both wear this badge.
See the dome structure
outside the window over there?
That's where the test
will take place.
What? It's massive.
In order to win,
you must help
your team's "It"
successfully reach the goal
or steal the badge
from our "It."
You'll each get 100,000 points
if your team wins.
All: "Huh?"
And if you steal the badge
from our "It,"
you'll each receive
200,000 points.
200,000 points?!
If our "It" manages to take
another team's badge,
that team instantly
loses the game.
Um, so who's the "It"
you ended up choosing?
That would be me.
Huh?
And you are?
[ Laughs ]
You surprised, kiddos?
Hold on, isn't that guy
our examiner?
Don't worry. I'll go easy on
you. [ Laughs ]
[ Slurps ]
They can't seriously
have a Ranker be their "It."
Khun: It it appears he has
an unlimited amount of Shinsu
at his disposal,
which isn't necessarily
bad news.
Why have you thought
of an idea?
If you make me team leader,
I'll be more than happy
to share my plans.
What?
That kid?
I don't see the problem.
After all, it is kind of the
light bearer's job
to lead the team, right?
Girl: Quit putting on airs
and tell us already.
A trap always needs bait.
Right.
And that would be me.
Khun: It's not personal.
That's the scout's job.
It's not fair.
What a crappy position.
Don't let me down.
You hear me Leeron 3?
Got it.
It's really kind of a bummer,
you know.
Hmm?
About Bam.
How he ended up
stuck on the other team.
I don't know the exact
statistics,
but I'm pretty sure
if we win...
Bam will fail.
I'm aware of that.
That's cold, man.
Considering how close you
are and all.
That's the nature of tests.
[ Scoffs ]
So are you sure
that he's going to come?
If we make the bait
this obvious?
He'll come.
Huh?
He's a Ranker.
And not only
a Ranker, but...
a sore loser, too.
Quant:
Really? Is this the best
you came up with?
I have no imagination.
Aah!
My little apprentice!
[ Gasps ] He actually
came! Aah!
[ Exclaims ]
Heh. Are you trying to buy time
for your "It" to escape?
[ Panting ]
You haven't learned enough
about being a light bearer
because first off,
everyone knows they rely on
using Shinsu to fly,
which means...
if the light bearer loses
consciousness...
then your entire team
loses its eyes.
♪♪
That was too close.
Your other light bearer
is with your "It" isn't he?
Damn it.
Where is he?
A first-rate scout,
doesn't need light to see.
Together:
That's check and mate.
Huh? No way.
What's a lighthouse doing here?
Too easy.
Say hello to our "It."
[ Growls ]
[ Gasps ]
Using bait to capture me?
I'm not nearly that stupid.
[ Grunts, yells ]
You didn't think I'd be
that easy to beat, did you?
[ Scarfing food ]
Man: That's always been
his biggest weakness.
He goes into a rage
and loses control.
[ Growling ]
I'll make you regret
pissing me off.
♪♪
♪ Where you going?
It's hard to keep up ♪
♪ You're moving so fast
leaving me behind ♪
♪ Gimme an hour,
that's all I need ♪
♪ It's now or never,
I'm running out of time ♪
♪ The seconds are relentless ♪
♪ I'm helpless as they keep
flying by ♪
♪ Stuck here in the desert, I
feel like I'm in an hourglass ♪
♪ Maybe I can stay and be
comfortable living in the past ♪
♪ But I don't wanna be alone so
can you take me to you now ♪
♪ Too fast, I try to follow
but I'm losing hope ♪
♪ We used to walk together down
this winding road ♪
♪ But you're so far ahead it
seems impossible to catch up ♪
♪ And now I'm walking on my way,
all alone, I'm feeling so cold ♪
♪ Not getting anywhere,
I feel like I'm in slow mode ♪
♪ Used to be a winner,
everything ♪
♪ Was all black and white ♪
♪ Now I'm bottom of the pile,
a dusty photo ♪
♪ I'm afraid I'm gonna be left
stranded by myself ♪
♪ All the foolish dreams I had
inside of me are broken ♪
♪ Everything I wanted in the
distance out of reach ♪
♪ Am I the only one that's
gonna stay here forgotten, ey ♪
♪♪